Update Animal Genomics site navigation (#2662)
nf-core/website: sites/main-site/src/content/special-interest-groups/animal-genomics/meetings.md

# Meeting schedule

> The [Animal Genomics special interest group](index.md) meets on the third Wednesday

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Animal Genomics special interest group](/special-interest-groups/animal-genomics) meets on the third Wednesday
```
